There’s no I in Team (what about healthy teams that appreciate constructive individuality?)
Good things come to those who wait
It was meant to be (then why did we bother trying to make it not be?)
The definition of insanity is doing the same thing and expecting different results.
Time heals all wounds (how about losing a limb?)
Such is life
Forgive and forget
Everything happens for a reason (including suffering and early death?)
People are our most important asset
It is what it is
What the mind can conceive, it can achieve
Winners never quit
What doesn’t kill me will only make me stronger
I don’t want a team of champions, I want a champion team. (Note that there is an I in “champion team”)
Teamwork to make the Dream work
C’est la vie
Hard work always pays off
God has a plan for you
Great minds think alike
Money can’t buy happiness
Live each moment like it’s your last (not very pleasant)
If at first you don’t succeed, try try again (maybe you should try elsewhere)
Follow your passion
Follow your bliss (what if mine is cocaine?)
That’s just my personal opinion
Let’s not reinvent the wheel
It’s not rocket science
It’s all good
What goes up, goes down
After the storm the sun will shine
Don’t assume – it makes an ASS out of U and ME
Don’t be sad because it’s over, be glad that it happened
Love means never having to say you’re sorry (Then please don’t love me)
We are where we are
What goes around comes around
What’s done is done
Waste not want not
It has to be somewhere (as if this helps you find something that’s lost)
Nice guys finish last
Go with the flow
Only dead fish go with the flow
No offense, but…
Rome wasn’t built in a day
Work smarter, not harder
There’s no I in team
Life doesn’t give you things you can’t handle (depends on what life gives you, doesn’t it?)
You’re as young as you feel
Age is just a number
It’s just software
We’re all in this together
Everything always works out in the end
Time heals all wounds
We’ll all be laughing about this soon
It’s doesn’t matter if you win or lose, only that you try
Tomorrow is another day
It could be worse
You are what you eat
It’s neither here nor there
Think outside the box
It will all look better in the morning
Take the lemons and make lemonade
The best things in life are free
It wasn’t meant to be
Better to have loved and lost…
That’s for me to know and you to find out
Better late than never
With all due respect
The road to hell is paved with good intentions (so I should have bad intentions then? is that how the road * to heaven is paved?)
Gossip is the devil’s radio
Laugh and the world laughs with you
People regret the things they didn’t do
Beauty is only skin deep
You can’t judge a book by it’s cover
Work hard, play hard
Only the good die young
All’s fair in love and war
All men are created equal
There are plenty more fish in the sea
The more things change, the more they stay the same
It’s the darkest just before dawn (have you seen a dawn?)
Fail harder
Perception is reality (except when your perception is very bad)
you can be anything that you want to be
Patience is a virtue
I’m sorry that’s not what you want to hear
This will hurt me more than it hurts you (well lets switch places and find out)
The customer is always right
If you can’t stand the heat, get out of the kitchen (maybe we can make the kitchen better?)
Success is the ability to go from one failure to another with no loss of enthusiasm
Be careful what you wish for
With great power comes great responsibility
Just think about how much worse other people have it
God never gives us more than we can bear (see death, misery, history of suffering)
It doesn't matter who scores, as long as the team wins.
Sacrifice today for a better tomorrow.
Nobody’s perfect.
Good things come to those who wait.
Life is a mystery.
That’s just my personal opinion.
I wish I knew then what I know now.
Sometimes bad things lead to good things.
What doesn’t kill you makes you stronger.
We all die someday.
Everybody changes.
It really do be like that sometimes.
Take the good with the bad.
Everything isn’t always what it seems.
Everything happens for a reason.
Whatever will be, will be.
"Every cloud has a silver lining."
"Where there's a will, there's a way."
"A picture is worth a thousand words."
"Actions speak louder than words."
"You can't judge a book by its cover."
"Honesty is the best policy."
"You can't make an omelette without breaking eggs."
"You can't have your cake and eat it too."
"A bird in the hand is worth two in the bush."
"You can't have your feet in two boats."
"Time heals all wounds."
"Give a man a fish, and you feed him for a day; teach a man to fish, and you feed him for a lifetime."
"The early bird catches the worm."
"You can't make a silk purse out of a sow's ear."
"You can't have everything, where would you put it?"
"You can't run before you can walk."
"The grass is always greener on the other side."
"You can't have your cake and eat it too."
"A penny saved is a penny earned."
"The proof of the pudding is in the eating."
"The squeaky wheel gets the grease."
"You can't judge a person by their appearance."
"Where there's smoke, there's fire."
"You can't make a silk purse out of a sow's ear."
"The apple doesn't fall far from the tree."
"You can't have your cake and eat it too."
"Give credit where credit is due."
"You can't make an omelette without breaking eggs."
"Actions speak louder than words."
"The proof of the pudding is in the eating."
